1. While anchored, the crew on duty spotted three perpetrators in a small wooden boat, attempting to climb onboard the ship via anchor chain. The crew shouted at the perpetrators, who escaped immediately in their boat. Ship horn was also sounded to further deter the perpetrators. The master reported the incident to Belawan VTS.

2. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators were sighted in the steering gear room, and one of them carried a gun-like object. The master raised the alarm and mustered the crew to conduct a search. No perpetrators were sighted and some engine spares were missing. There were no injuries to crew. The incident was reported to Singapore Vessel Traffic Information System (VTIS) West. A safety broadcast on anti- piracy watch was issued to warn all ships to maintain a vigilant watch at all times in the Singapore Strait. The Republic of Singapore Navy (RSN)’s Maritime Security Task Force (MSTF) and Singapore Police Coast Guard (PCG) were notified of the incident, The PCG boarded the ship upon her arrival in Singapore and conducted a search. No perpetrators were found onboard. Information of the incident was also shared with the Indonesian authorities.

3. While Sailing While underway, the engine crew sighted three perpetrators near the engine room of the ship. The master raised a general emergency alarm and mustered the crew to conduct a search onboard. No perpetrators were found and nothing was stolen. The crew was not injured and no further assistance was required. The ship resumed her voyage to Daesan, Republic of Korea. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. Safety broadcasts on anti-piracy watch was initiated to warn all ships to maintain a vigilant watch at all times in the Singapore Strait. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

4. While at anchor, four perpetrators boarded the ship. The duty roving sighted the perpetrators at deck forward near the boatswain store entrance, and immediately reported to the duty watch officer, who raised the alarm and reported to Vessel Traffic Management System (VTMS) Manila. The crew was mustered and proceeded to the location of the perpetrators but they had already escaped. A Philippine Coast Guard (PCG) Maritime Patrol (MARPAT) team was dispatched to the location of the ship for investigation. The MARPAT team conducted a perimeter check around the ship twice, and confirmed that the perpetrators had already escaped. Further investigation revealed that nothing was stolen and the crew was not injured.

5. While at anchor, an unknown number of perpetrators boarded the ship unnoticed, broke the padlock of paint store, stole 350 litres of paint and escaped. The crew on-duty discovered the theft after the perpetrators had left. Barefoot prints were later found around the deck. All crew members are reported to be safe. The CSO was notified of the incident, and the incident was reported to the local authorities, who boarded the ship for investigation.

6. While Sailing While underway, the crew spotted four to five perpetrators, of which three perpetrators carried long knives and one perpetrator carried a gun-like object, in the engine room. The master raised the alarm and mustered the crew to conduct a search. No perpetrators were found and some engine spare parts were stolen. All crew members were accounted for, and there were no reported injuries. No further assistance was required. The master reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety broadcasts on anti-piracy watch was initiated to warn all ships to maintain a vigilant watch at all times in the Singapore Strait. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities. Upon the ship’s arrival at Singapore anchorage, PCG boarded the ship, conducted a security search and found no perpetrators onboard.

7. While Sailing While underway, the crew spotted six perpetrators armed with knives in the engine room. The master raised the alarm and mustered the crew to conduct a search. No perpetrators were found and some engine spare parts were stolen. All crew members were accounted for, and there were no reported injuries. No further assistance was required. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS West. Safety broadcasts on anti-piracy watch was initiated to warn all ships to maintain a vigilant watch at all times in the Singapore Strait. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

8. While Sailing While the tug boat towing barge was enroute from Jurong Port, Singapore to Cigading, Indonesia, the master spotted four small boats, each carrying three to five persons, approaching the barge. The barge was carrying a cargo load of scrap metal. About two to three perpetrators boarded the barge and transferred scrap metals from the barge to their boats. The master sounded the ship horn continuously and altered course to starboard heading towards Cigading. The perpetrators escaped immediately in their small boats. The crew was not injured. All deck crew continued to perform deck lookout and sounded the ship horn to deter small boats from approaching.

9. While Sailing While underway and bound for Singapore port, the motorman was at the poop deck checking the funnel when he was attacked by a perpetrator armed with knife, while another perpetrator was trying to board the ship. The motorman managed to free himself from the perpetrator, ran to the engine control room and subsequently notified the bridge. Master raised the alarm and made announcement on PA system. All crew members mustered at muster stations and accounted for. The CSO was informed, and first aid was administered to the motorman. Two search parties were also activated to comb the ship, and a knife and bags were found on the main deck. Nothing was stolen. The incident was reported to Singapore MRCC and the ship subsequently anchored at Singapore Anchorage at 0530 hrs. The injured motorman was conveyed to the Singapore General Hospital, and is in a stable condition. Singapore MRCC initiated a navigational broadcast to alert mariners. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities. Singapore PCG boarded the ship and investigation is ongoing.

10. While Sailing While underway, the perpetrators boarded the ship unnoticed and stole one unit of breathing apparatus compressor. The padlock of the emergency generator room was cut and two fire hoses from the poop deck were rigged, assessed to be used to lower the compressor to a waiting boat. The crew was not injured. The master reported the incident to the International Maritime Bureau (IMB), Kuala Lumpur. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident.

11. While Sailing While underway, the crew spotted eight unarmed perpetrators in the steering gear room. Master raised the alarm and mustered all crew to conduct search but no perpetrators were found. All crew members were accounted for, and there were no reported injuries. Some engine spare parts were stolen. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. PCG boarded the ship at Singapore Anchorage and conducted search but found no perpetrators. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

12. While Sailing While underway, the crew spotted six perpetrators armed with knives in the steering gear room. The master raised the alarm and crew mustered to conduct a search, but no perpetrator was found. All crew members were accounted for, and there were no reported injuries. Nothing was stolen. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. PCG boarded the ship at Singapore Anchorage and conducted search but found no perpetrators. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

13. While at berth during cargo operations, the Chief Officer noticed people talking from the port seaward side of the ship when he was conducting his rounds on deck. He saw a wooden boat with four perpetrators and a perpetrator attempting to climb onto the ship using a rope. The Chief Officer shouted at the perpetrators, who escaped immediately. The crew was not injured and nothing was stolen. Master and crew conducted a security debrief and implemented additional measures such as adding extra watchkeepers immediately.

14. While Sailing While underway, the crew spotted about eight perpetrators, of whom four were armed with knives, in the engine control room. Master raised the alarm and mustered all crew to conduct search but no perpetrators were found. All crew members were accounted for, and there were no reported injuries. No further assistance was required. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities. Upon the ship’s arrival at Singapore Anchorage, PCG boarded the ship, conducted a search onboard and found no perpetrators. PCG reported that a crew member’s legs and hands were tied by the perpetrators, and engine spare parts were reported missing.

15. While Sailing While underway, two perpetrators were sighted at the aft mooring station of the ship. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct a search. No perpetrators were found onboard. The crew members were not injured and nothing was stolen. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. PCG boarded the ship at anchorage and carried out a search. But no perpetrator was found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

16. While Sailing While underway, six perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the engine room and at poop deck. The general emergency alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct a search. No perpetrators were found onboard. All crew was accounted for with no injuries. Some engine spares were stolen and one padlock was broken. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. PCG boarded the ship and carried out a search. But no perpetrator was found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

17. While Sailing While underway, two perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the engine room. The master raised general alarm and all crew mustered safely in the wheelhouse. The crew did not conduct search but wait for PCG’s assistance. There were no injuries. Some spare parts were stolen. The ship agent reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS via telephone. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. PCG boarded the ship on her arrival at Singapore Anchorage but did not find any perpetrator. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

18. While at anchor, 11 perpetrators boarded the ship. The alert duty crew noticed the perpetrators and immediately raised the alarm. The crew was mustered and engaged in defensive actions against the perpetrators, which resulted in the perpetrators escaping empty-handed. The incident was reported to the Port Authority and Bangladesh Navy.

19. While Sailing While underway, four perpetrators were sighted in the engine room. The master raised general alarm and carried out a search. No perpetrator was found onboard and nothing was lost. All crew members were accounted for and there were no injuries. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS Central. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. PCG boarded the ship and carried out a security search. But no perpetrator was found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

20. While Sailing While underway, three perpetrators were sighted in the engine room. The master raised alarm and all crew mustered to conduct a search, but no perpetrator was found. The crew members were not injured. Some ship stores were reported stolen. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS West. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. PCG boarded the ship and carried out a security search, but did not find any perpetrator. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

21. While at anchor, the crew sighted 10 perpetrators with knives and bats at the port quarter deck of the ship. The perpetrators tied up three local watchmen and injured one of them on the leg. One ship crew was also assaulted and was slight injured on the head. Some ship property/stores were stolen. After receiving the incident information, Bangladesh Coast Guard (BCG) started investigation of the incident onboard the ship.

22. While Sailing While underway, two to three perpetrators in a boat attempted to board the ship from the starboard quarter. Upon raising the alarm and switching on the deck lights, the perpetrator’s boat moved off southward. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

23. While Sailing While underway, seven to eight perpetrators were sighted in the engine room and workshop. They entered the engine room by breaking the lock of the aft steering room door. One of the robbers had a gun-like weapon and threatened the third engineer in the workshop. The master raised alarm and all crew mustered to conduct a search, but no perpetrator was found. Some tools and engine spare parts were reported stolen. The crew members were not injured. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

24. While Sailing While underway, one perpetrator armed with gun-like object was sighted on deck. The crew locked themselves in their cabins and conducted a search later during daylight. All crew members were accounted for and there were no injuries. The crew was unable to confirm if anything was stolen. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

25. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators armed with metal rods were sighted in the engine room. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct a search. The crew members were accounted for and there were no injuries. Nothing was stolen from the ship. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

26. While Sailing While underway, three to four perpetrators were sighted in the engine room. Two people were armed with machetes and one person carried a gun-like object. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered at the bridge. The search was not conducted and the suspected perpetrators were still on board at that time. Singapore PCG later boarded the ship at anchorage and conducted a thorough search. But no perpetrators were found. All crew members were accounted for and there were no injuries. Some engine spares were stolen. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS West. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

27. While Sailing While underway, some perpetrators were sighted at the poop deck. A high speed craft approached the ship from stern but was not detected by radars. The master raised the alarm and mustered all crew to conduct a search. The crew members were not injured. 12 pieces of ME fuel injection valves were stolen. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

28. While Sailing While underway, the deck rover heard some noise at the port side poop deck. Upon verifying using the Aldis lamp, he sighted one perpetrator planning to board the ship through a pole with a hook. The deck rover shouted at the perpetrator, who immediately jumped back to a small boat which another perpetrator manoeuvred away. The general alarm was raised and the crew carried out a thorough search to ensure no other perpetrator onboard the ship. Nothing was stolen and crew members were safe. The incident was reported to Singapore Vessel Traffic Information System (VTIS). Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The Republic of Singapore Navy's (RSN) Maritime Security Task Force (MSTF) and Singapore Police Coast Guard (PCG) were notified of the incident.

29. While Sailing While underway, four perpetrators armed with gun-like objects boarded the bulk carrier from a wooden boat. The perpetrators were thin and in T-shirts and brown short jeans. The duty oiler encountered them in the engine room and raised the alarm. The perpetrators pointed gun-like objects at the crew before escaping. Crew mustered and a search conducted onboard the ship. There was no damage to the ship and the crew was not injured. Some engine spares were stolen. The master reported the incident to IMB, and was relayed to Singapore PCG and Indonesian Marine Police HQ. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF was also notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

30. While Sailing While underway, six perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the engine room. One crew was threatened and his personal belongings, including a gold chain, tablet and mobile phone were robbed. The alarm was raised and crew mustered to conduct a search onboard the ship. No perpetrators were found. All crew members were accounted for. The crew was not injured. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS West. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

31. While Sailing While underway, one perpetrator was sighted in the engine room of the ship. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct a search. No perpetrators were found and nothing was stolen. All crew members were accounted for, and were safe. This incident was reported to Singapore VTIS West. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the ship upon her arrival at Singapore Anchorage, and conducted a search. No perpetrators were found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

32. While Sailing While underway, 10 perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the engine room of the ship. The alarm was raised and crew mustered to conduct a search onboard the ship. No perpetrators were found and some engine spare parts were stolen. All crew members were accounted for without injury. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS West. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Upon the ship’s arrival at Singapore Anchorage, PCG boarded the ship and conducted a thorough search onboard but did not find any perpetrators. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

33. While sailing While underway, five perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the engine room of the ship. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct a search. No perpetrators were found and nothing was stolen. All crew members were accounted for and safe. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS West. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the ship upon her arrival at Singapore Anchorage, and conducted a search. No perpetrators were found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

34. While at anchor, the duty AB noticed someone hiding in the hawse pipe and sighted a small boat near to the ship anchor chain. The duty AB immediately reported the sighting to the Officer of the Watch (OOW) and shouted at the boat man to deter the perpetrators. The duty AB retreated to the accommodation block and updated OOW. He subsequently spotted another perpetrator at the starboard winch holding a machete. The OOW raised ship alarm and announced via the PA system of the armed perpetrators onboard. The perpetrators then escaped from the ship. A search was conducted onboard. No suspicious person was discovered. All crew members were safe and some unsecured items were stolen. The incident was reported to the local agent and the ship’s security watch manning was increased from two to four men. Shore duty watchmen service was also engaged for the remaining days at Medan Anchorage. The company initiated an investigation into this incident.

35. While at anchor, the ship was awaiting berthing instructions when the duty AB saw one perpetrator climbing the ship railing from aft poop deck. The duty AB shouted at the perpetrator and alerted the duty officer. On seeing the duty AB, the perpetrator jumped into the water and escaped in a small boat, with three other perpetrators in the boat. The duty officer immediately reported to the master and the VTS. The crew was not injured and old spare parts of generator were stolen. The incident was reported to Panjang VTS, and shared with the flag State.

36. While at anchor, the local watchmen onboard noticed two perpetrators on the forward deck and raised the alarm. On hearing the alarm, the perpetrator escaped in a small boat. There were 10-12 perpetrators in total, among whom, two boarded the ship by throwing grapnel and rope. The crew and watchmen were safe, but two mobile phones were snatched and some ship property/stores were stolen. The incident was not reported to the BCG immediately. The BCG was informed of the incident four days later through IMB. An investigation was carried out by BCG.

37. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators armed with knives were sighted boarding the stern of the ship, and in the engine room. The master raised the alarm and crew was mustered to conduct a search, but no perpetrators were found onboard. Some engine room spares were reported stolen from the engine room. The crew was not injured. No further assistance was required by the Master and the ship resumed her voyage to China. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

38. While Sailing While sailing, five perpetrators with gun-like objects were sighted in the engine room. The crew was mustered and a search conducted, but no perpetrators were found. It could not be confirmed whether any property was stolen. The crew was not injured. The master reported the incident to the Singapore VTIS West. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Upon the ship’s arrival at port of Singapore, the PCG boarded the ship and conducted a thorough search, and no perpetrators were found onboard. The information was also shared with the Indonesian authorities.

39. While Sailing While the tug boat towing barge was enroute from Bagendang Port, Sampit, to Stagen Kotabaru, five perpetrators in a small boat approached the vessels. Four of the perpetrators boarded the barge, while one perpetrator waited in the small boat. The perpetrators, carrying firearms and sharp weapons, locked the crew members onboard the barge inside the toilet. The perpetrators then moved to the tug boat, where they threatened and restrained the master and crew in the mess room, binding them with plastic ropes. The perpetrators subsequently siphoned the FAME (Fatty Acid Methyl Ester) cargo onto a tanker, and also stole 21 mobile phones, cash amounting to approximately IDR 17,200,000, and navigational equipment such as a Furuno radar and binoculars. The perpetrators also damaged communication and navigational tools onboard the ship before they escaped. The incident lasted between eight and 10 hours. On 1 Nov 2024, it was reported that the Central Kalimantan Police had arrested 14 suspected perpetrators of the incident.

40. While Sailing While underway, six to seven perpetrators were sighted in the vicinity of port quarter of the ship. All crew mustered to conduct a search. The crew was not injured. Engine spares were stolen from the ship. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The Republic of RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the ship upon her arrival at Singapore Port, and conducted a search. No perpetrators were found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

41. While Sailing While underway, the tug boat master reported that some scrap metal on its towing barge were taken away by perpetrators via a sampan. All crew mustered and a search was conducted. The crew members were safe. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Malaysian and Indonesian authorities.

42. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators with knives were sighted in the steering room of the ship. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct a search to locate the perpetrators. The crew was not injured. Nothing was reported stolen from the ship. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the ship upon her arrival at Singapore port and conducted a search. No perpetrators were found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

43. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators, of which two carried knives/parang, were sighted in the engine room. Officer on watch raised the alarm and mustered crew to conduct a search to locate the perpetrators. The master reported that all crew were accounted for with no injury reported, and generator spares were found missing. The incident was reported to the Singapore VTIS East. The ship resumed her voyage to Singapore. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities. Upon the ship's arrival at port of Singapore, the PCG boarded the ship, conducted a thorough search onboard. No perpetrators were found.

44. While Sailing While underway, seven unauthorised personnel from two sampans (small boats) boarded the barge. The perpetrators left with some scrap metal from the barge. The crew was not injured and no assistance was required. The incident was reported to the Singapore VTIS East. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN's MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident.

45. While Sailing While underway, two perpetrators were sighted at the poop deck. Upon being sighted by the crew, the perpetrators jumped overboard. The ship general alarm was raised and crew mustered to conduct a search. No perpetrators found and no loss of property. All crew members were safe. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the ship at Singapore anchorage to conduct a security search and investigation, and reported no perpetrators found onboard, and no property stolen. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian and Malaysian authorities.

46. While Sailing While underway, five to six perpetrators with knives were sighted in the engine room. The ship's general alarm was raised and crew mustered to conduct a search. Upon hearing the alarm, the perpetrators escaped. The perpetrators had tied the Chief Engineer's (CE) hands and feet with rope, but the CE managed to free himself after the perpetrators had escaped. Some engine spare parts and the Chief Engineer’s cellphone were stolen. All crew members were safe. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Navtex broadcast was initiated to alert other vessels in the area to exercise caution and step up anti-piracy watch. The Singapore PCG boarded the ship when at anchorage and reported no perpetrators were found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the MRCCs of Indonesia and Malaysia.

47. While Sailing While underway, several small boats carrying an unknown number of perpetrators approached and boarded the barge. They transferred scrap metal from the barge to the small boats and the perpetrators left after about half an hour later. Scrap metal was stolen from the barge. The crew was safe. The incident was reported to Singapore Port Operations Control Centre (POCC).

48. While anchored, two unauthorised persons boarded the ship and escaped with ship’s properties. The theft was later discovered in the morning by the crew.

49. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators with knives were sighted at the poop deck. The perpetrators escaped upon the activation of the ship's general alarm. A search was conducted with no further sighting of the perpetrators. Nothing was stolen and all crew members were safe. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the vessel upon her arrival at the Port of Singapore and conducted a thorough search. No perpetrators were found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

50. While Sailing While underway, three perpetrators were sighted in the steering gear room. The perpetrators escaped upon the activation of the ship's general alarm. A search was conducted with no further sighting of the perpetrators. Nothing was stolen and all crew members were safe. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN's MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the vessel upon her arrival at the Port of Singapore and conducted a thorough search. No perpetrators were found on board. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

51. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators with knives were sighted at the entrance of the ship’s engine room. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct a search. The crew was not injured. Engine spare parts were stolen from the ship. The incident was reported to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN's MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. The PCG boarded the vessel at Singapore anchorage and reported no abnormalities and no perpetrators found onboard. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

52. While anchored, three perpetrators armed with long knives boarded the ship. They entered the engine room, took the duty engine crew hostage and tied him up. Before leaving the ship, they stole the ship’s engine spares, released the duty crew and escaped. The alarm was raised, the crew mustered and the incident was reported to the Port Facility through the agent.

53. While Sailing While underway, five perpetrators armed with knives and guns were sighted in the engine room. The ship general alarm was raised and crew mustered. A search was conducted. All crew members were accounted for, no injury to crew and no assistance required. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. Singapore PCG boarded the ship on her arrival at the anchorage and completed the search. No perpetrators were found. The RSN’s MSTF was also notified. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian and Malaysian authorities.

54. While Sailing While the tug boat towing barge was underway from Jurong Port, Singapore to Cigading, Indonesia, three small boats carrying 10 perpetrators approached and boarded the barge at about 1620 hrs They transferred scrap metals from the barge onto their boats. The perpetrators stopped and fled when they sighted a RSN warship in the vicinity at around 1650 hrs. However, at around 1720 hrs after the RSN warship left the vicinity, the boats returned to the barge to steal more scrap metals. No injury or damage to the barge or the tug boat was reported. Scrap metals were stolen from the barge. The crew was safe. The incident was reported to the VTIS East.

55. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore VTIS that four perpetrators were sighted at ship's stern. The master raised the alarm and all ship crew were mustered to conduct a search onboard. At about 0540 hrs, the ship reported that all crew were accounted for with no injury, nothing was stolen from the ship and no assistance was required. The ship was enroute from Tubarao, Brazil to Singapore. A safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian and Malaysian authorities. Singapore PCG boarded the ship at Singapore anchorage and reported no perpetrators found onboard.

56. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore VTIS that one perpetrator was sighted in the steering gear room. The alarm was raised and all crew mustered to conduct search onboard the ship. The master declared nothing was stolen, the crew was safe and no further assistance required. The ship was enroute from Santos, Brazil to pick up her pilot from Tanjung Pelepas, Malaysia. A safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian and Malaysian authorities.

57. While anchored, two perpetrators boarded the ship, stole engine spare parts and escaped. The alarm was raised and crew mustered. The crew was not injured. The incident was reported to Vessel Traffic Service (VTS) and Indonesian authorities boarded the ship for investigation.

58. While Sailing While underway, the bridge team sighted a suspicious boat on its port bow with very dim lighting. The ship altered its course to starboard to keep a safe distance from the boat. However, at a distance of about 1.5 miles, the boat suddenly started flashing lights and accelerated, making a desperate attempt to board the ship. The ship performed evasive manoeuvres to deter the boarding attempt, and immediately notified Singapore VTIS East. Upon sighting a RSN ship in the vicinity, the small boat aborted its attempt and moved away from the ship. The ship had implemented additional lookout measures to monitor for suspicious boats as part of its security measures.

59. While Sailing While underway, the engine crew sighted four perpetrators armed with knives in the engine room and notified the watch officer on the bridge immediately. The bridge officer raised the alarm. The perpetrators escaped upon realising the crew had been alerted. The crew was mustered and a search onboard was conducted. No perpetrators were found and some engine spares were stolen. The crew was not injured. The master reported the incident to Singapore POCC via email. A safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities.

60. While anchored, the watchman and duty crew spotted six perpetrators attempting to board the ship through the chain hawse pipe from a small boat. Upon realising the crew had been alerted, the perpetrators aborted the attempt and escaped immediately.

61. While Sailing While underway, six perpetrators armed with knives entered the engine room through the steering gear door, tied up two crew (oilers) in the engine room workshop and stole the engine spares. An engineer discovered the tied-up crew and informed the master. The master raised alarm and crew mustered. Search was conducted with no further sighting of the perpetrators. The master reported the incident through his agent to Singapore POCC via email. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were informed. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authority.

62. While Sailing While underway, the ship engineer sighted four perpetrators armed with knives in the engine room. The master raised the alarm and mustered the crew. A search was conducted and some engine spares were missing. The crew was not injured. The master reported the incident through his local agent via email to Singapore POCC. A safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG was notified. Information about the incident was shared with the Indonesian authority.

63. While anchored, the duty able bodied (AB) spotted three perpetrators armed with long knives at the starboard rescue zone of the ship. The perpetrators were suspected to board the ship with ropes and ship fenders. The perpetrators attempted to attack the AB but he managed to escape and ran into the ship accommodation block with the door locked from inside. The AB reported the incident to the duty bridge officer, who raised the general alarm and announced via the PA system about the armed perpetrators onboard. All crew were called to assemble at the navigation bridge. The ship security officer alerted the Batam VTS and the Company Security Officer (CSO) to request for immediate assistance. The Indonesian Navy and Coast Guard arrived at 0150 hrs and 0210 hrs respectively, but no perpetrator was found onboard. The Indonesian Navy then continued to escort the vessel until daylight hour. The crew was not injured and nothing was stolen.

64. While anchored, a duty ordinary seaman (OS) patrolling the forecastle area spotted a perpetrator climbing over the ship railings using a rope. He wore a dark blue t-shirt and pants. The duty OS shouted at the perpetrator immediately, and reported to the OOW. The perpetrator jumped back immediately into a wooden boat, with two other perpetrators in the boat, and escaped. Nothing was stolen. The master reported the incident to local VTS via Channel 16, as well as the CSO.

65. While Sailing While underway, the ship’s crew discovered that engine room spare parts had been stolen after sailing from Singapore. According to shipboard CCTV footage, four perpetrators in t- shirts and shorts had boarded the ship via starboard quarter from a small craft. The perpetrators unlocked and opened the watertight door in after poop deck, entered the engine room and went directly to the spare parts locker. The perpetrators stole engine room spare parts for auxiliary engine and fuel oil purifier, and escaped. The crew was not injured. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. The RSN's MSTF and Singapore PCG were informed.

66. While anchored, four perpetrators armed with knives and iron bars boarded the bulk carrier from a wooden craft. Three of the perpetrators wore long-sleeved black tops, pants and caps, while one perpetrator wore a half-sleeved t-shirt and shorts. The perpetrators stole ship’s engine spares and escaped. The crew was not injured. The incident was reported to Dumai VTS via VHF and the agent registered a complaint with the police. The local police boarded the ship and investigation is in progress.

67. While Sailing While the tug boat towing barge was underway, perpetrators in five small boats came alongside and boarded the barge. The alarm was raised and the crew was instructed to stay within the accommodation. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. At about 1745 hrs, the perpetrators left the barge with some scrap metals and escaped in their boats. The crew was not injured. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian and Malaysian authorities.

68. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore VTIS on VHF that five perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the steering gear room, with the oiler being restrained. The alarm was raised and crew mustered. All crew members were accounted for, with no injury to crew and no assistance required. Some engine spare parts were stolen. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information was shared with the Indonesian authority. The ship proceeded to Singapore anchorage to pick up pilot. Upon the ship’s arrival, Singapore PCG conducted an inspection onboard.

69. While anchored and awaiting cargo, a deck officer on watch duty spotted a small boat alongside the port stern of the ship. At the same time, three perpetrators were seen near the funnel. The deck officer shouted at the perpetrators immediately and reported to the duty officer, who informed the master. The alarm was sounded and an announcement was made about the presence of the perpetrators onboard. The duty officer subsequently noticed the three perpetrators jumping off the ship and escaped in the small boat. All crew members were safe and nothing was stolen.

70. While anchored, the AB on rounds spotted movement on the poop deck and raised the alarm. The shore watchmen were found tied, who reported six perpetrators had boarded the ship and escaped into the water. The paint store lock was found broken, and paint drums, messenger rope and heaving line were stolen. The incident was reported to the local authorities including the port control, Bangladesh Coast Guard (BCG) and Bangladesh Navy. BCG investigated the incident, and conducted combing operations in the vicinity and shore areas. The perpetrators were apprehended, all stolen items recovered and will be handed over to the ship.

71. While anchored, two perpetrators boarded the ship at the forecastle. The 2nd Mate spotted the perpetrators and raised the alarm. A check was conducted of the ship’s equipment and items including cables, normal grinders, brass nozzle pieces, a heavy duty cutter, a drill machine, an inverter welding machine and a heavy-duty grinder were found stolen. The crew was not injured. The incident was reported to the PCG and Philippine Port Authority. The Philippine authorities proceeded to location of the ship immediately and verified the veracity of the report. The Philippine authorities conducted follow-up operations at nearby junkshop, where the perpetrators reportedly sold the stolen items.

72. While anchored and awaiting loading operation, the AB was patrolling the deck when he noticed a wooden boat at the port anchor cable area. He reported to the OOW immediately and blew the whistle to raise alarm. Three perpetrators armed with knives subsequently boarded the ship from the main deck. They threatened the AB with a machete, took the store keys, walkie-talkie and torch from the AB, and stole two fire hose nozzles. The 2nd watchman saw the incident and reported the situation to OOW, who raised the ship alarm. Upon hearing the alarm, the perpetrators escaped. The crew was not injured.

73. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore VTIS East via VHF Channel 10, that he sighted three to four perpetrators alongside the unmanned barge in three sampans. The master raised the alarm and mustered the crew. At 1040 hrs, the master reported that the perpetrators left the barge. The master further reported that some scrap metals were stolen from the barge. All crew members were accounted for with no injuries, and no assistance required. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information was shared with the Malaysian authority.

74. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore VTIS that the 3rd engineer sighted five perpetrators in the engine room. Some of the perpetrators were reportedly armed with gun- like objects. The master raised the alarm, and mustered the crew. A ship search was conducted and completed at 0405 hrs, and all crew accounted for with no injuries. The master was unable to ascertain any loss of property. The master indicated that no further assistance was required, and continued its journey to Song Duong, Vietnam. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information was shared with the Indonesian authority.

75. While anchored, four perpetrators boarded the ship through the anchor chain. They broke into the forecastle store and escaped with ship stores and properties. The crew was mustered and a search onboard the ship was conducted. The incident was reported to Balikpapan port control.

76. While anchored, the duty watchman noticed two perpetrators onboard the deck, and managed to escape onboard a country boat. Upon inspection, it was found out that 600 litres of paint, 150 metres of safety chain, 16 pieces of brass fire hydrant caps, and 2 pieces of fire hoses were stolen. The incident was immediately reported to the Bangladesh Coast Guard and Port Control Authority. The crew was not injured. Bangladesh Coast Guard carried out patrol in the incident area, and recovered all stolen ships items and handed over to the ship master. It is recommended and advised for all ships, low draft ships, and tug boats heading towards Bangladesh ports and territorial waters, to maintain communication with law enforcement agencies (LEAs) through HF/ VHF channels 12 and 16 for help.

77. While Sailing While the tug boat towing barge was underway, the master noticed a sampan alongside the barge. Three perpetrators were seen leaving the barge with some copper coils and fibre boards. The crew was mustered and accounted for. The crew was not injured. The tug boat and barge last port of call was Bintulu, Sarawak, East Malaysia and was bound for Singapore Pilot Eastern Boarding Ground “A”. The master reported to Singapore Vessel Traffic Information System (VTIS) East. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information was shared with the Malaysian authorities.

78. While berthed, three perpetrators armed with long knives and special tools boarded the ship and entered the engine room from funnel door. The funnel door was locked on from inside and outside, but the perpetrators managed to open the door by using special tools, forced open the lashing chain and lock, before entering the engine room from the funnel door. The perpetrators stole auxiliary engine spare parts before they escaped. The crew was not injured. The master and crew relayed the details of the incident to the shipping agent, who in turn reported to the authorities.

79. While anchored, the crew noticed three perpetrators in a boat attempting to board the ship using a rope and hook. The alarm was raised and crew was mustered. Upon realising the crew was alerted, the perpetrators aborted the attempt. Nothing was stolen and the crew was not injured.

80. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore VTIS West that three perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the engine room. The master raised the alarm and mustered crew on the bridge. A search onboard the ship was conducted and at 0118 hrs, the master reported that no perpetrators were found and nothing was stolen. All crew members were accounted for with no reported injury. The ship was en-route to PEBGB. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Upon the ship’s arrival in Singapore, the Singapore PCG boarded the ship and conducted a thorough search onboard, but no perpetrators were found.

81. While anchored, eight perpetrators armed with knives boarded the bulk carrier. The alarm was raised, crew mustered, and a search onboard the ship was conducted. Upon realising the crew had been alerted, the perpetrators escaped with stolen ship store. All crew members were safe.

82. While Sailing While the tug boat towing drill ship was underway, the crew noticed four perpetrators had boarded the unmanned drill ship from a small fishing boat via the excess ladder on starboard side. The general alarm was sounded, and the master reported and requested for assistance from Klang VTS. The incident was also reported to the CSO. A Coast Guard patrol boat searched around the drill ship but the perpetrators had already escaped. Nothing was stolen and the crew was not injured.

83. While Sailing While underway, the master reported that the crew sighted three perpetrators in the steering gear room. The master raised the alarm and mustered the crew to carry out a search. At 0115 hrs, the master reported that the search had been concluded. All crew members were accounted for, and there was no report of injuries. Some engine spare parts were stolen, and no further assistance was required. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified. Information of the incident was shared with the Indonesian authorities. Upon the ship's arrival at Singapore port, the Singapore PCG boarded the ship and conducted a thorough search onboard, but no perpetrators were found.

84. While Sailing While underway, the Junior Engineer (JE) and oiler spotted three perpetrators armed with metal rods onboard the ship during their routine checks around the engine room. The JE and oiler notified the bridge of the sighting immediately and the general alarm was activated. All crew members except the engine room staff were mustered at the bridge, while the engine room staff locked themselves in the engine control room. Upon hearing the alarm, the three perpetrators escaped immediately via the starboard quarter of the ship. Nothing was stolen and the crew was not injured.

85. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore POCC that two perpetrators were sighted at the aft deck. The OOW raised the alarm, and the two perpetrators escaped in a boat. The crew conducted a search immediately. At about 0340 hrs, the master reported that the search was completed. All crew members were safe, nothing was missing, and there were no sightings of the perpetrators onboard the ship. The master confirmed that no assistance was required and continued her voyage to Singapore. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information was shared with the Indonesian authorities. Upon the ship's arrival at the Port of Singapore, the Singapore PCG boarded the ship and conducted a thorough search onboard. No perpetrators were found onboard the ship.

86. While anchored, ship crew reported that eight to 10 perpetrators armed with long knives boarded the ship using hook at the port forward of the ship, and managed to escape onboard a country boat. Upon inspection, it was found out that heave lines and messenger lines were stolen. The alarm was sounded, announcement was made through the PA, and the crew was mustered. The crew was not injured. The incident was reported to the local agent.

87. While anchored, three perpetrators armed with knives boarded unnoticed onto the vessel from a small boat during hours of darkness either from the deck recess or stern balcony, while one man remained in the boat. The three perpetrators were on board the vessel for approximately 30 minutes until they were seen by the deck watchman. Approximately 300m of welding cable from main deck area of the vessel was stolen. The crew was not injured. The master reported the incident to the ship agent.

88. While anchored, four perpetrators boarded the ship from stern while three watch keepers were taking rounds on deck. The starboard watch keeper saw the perpetrators onboard and raised the alarm immediately. Upon realising the crew was alerted, the perpetrators jumped overboard. The crew was not injured and nothing was stolen. The ship informed Dumai VTS about the incident and Indonesian authorities arrived on scene to provide assistance.

89. While anchored, the master of the ship reported to Panjang VTS through VHF Channel 16 that two perpetrators armed with long knives boarded the ship and entered the engine room. Upon sighted, the perpetrators pursued the crew to the upper deck. The crew reported to the bridge, and the duty officer raised the alarm, and mustered all crew. The perpetrators subsequently escaped with the ship’s engine spares. The crew was not injured.

90. While Sailing While underway, the master reported to Singapore VTIS that four perpetrators armed with gun-like object were sighted in the engine room. The alarm was raised and crew mustered. A search was conducted with no further sighting of the perpetrators. At about 0336 hrs, the master reported that some spare parts were stolen and all crew members were safe. No further assistance was required. The ship's last port of call was Ivory Coast, and was bound for Singapore Anchorage. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore Police Coast Guard were notified of the incident. Upon the ship's arrival at the anchorage, the Singapore PCG boarded the ship and conducted a thorough search onboard. No perpetrators were found onboard the ship.

91. While anchored, nine perpetrators boarded the ship from a country boat. They tied up the watchman and stole ship stores. The incident was reported to the Bangladesh authorities who responded immediately and apprehended the nine perpetrators. The Bangladesh authorities also recovered all stolen ship stores and handed the items over to the ship.

92. While anchored, four perpetrators boarded the ship, stole a rope (about 50m) and escaped. The crew was not injured. The incident was reported to BCG, who boarded the ship for investigation.

93. While Sailing While underway, four perpetrators armed with knives were sighted in the steering gear room. The perpetrators escaped upon activation of the ship's general alarm. The master reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. A search was conducted with no further sighting of the perpetrators. At about 0543 hrs, the master declared that nothing was stolen and all crew members were safe. No further assistance was required. The ship's last port of call was Brazil, and was bound for Singapore Anchorage. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information was shared with the Indonesian authorities. Upon the ship's arrival at the Port of Singapore, the Singapore PCG boarded the ship and conducted a thorough search onboard. No perpetrators were found onboard the ship.

94. While anchored, two perpetrators boarded the container ship. The alarm was raised and the crew mustered. Upon realising the crew had been alerted, the perpetrators escaped empty-handed.

95. While anchored, the OS spotted six perpetrators onboard the ship. When informed of the boarding, the master called the PCG immediately and raised the general alarm. Upon hearing the alarm, the perpetrators jumped overboard and escaped. After receipt of the report, the PCG immediately deployed its MARPAT Team to conduct verification and inspection onboard the ship at South Harbor Anchorage Area. Two sets of Self-Contain Breathing Apparatus (SCBA) with cylinders were found missing. The crew was not injured.

96. While Sailing While the tug boat towing barge was enroute from Muara Sampit to Manggis, South Kalimantan, perpetrators carrying firearms and sharp weapons boarded the vessels from a ship, SPOB Bagas Danar Jaya 01. The master and crew were subsequently held hostage for more than 27 hours. The perpetrators stole FAME cargo, cash and personal belongings of crew and ship's goods, as well as damaged navigation equipment before they escaped. The master reported the incident to the CSO, who in turn reported to the Indonesian authorities. An Indonesian patrol boat was dispatched immediately to provide assistance.

97. While Sailing While underway and en-route to Qinzhou, China, six perpetrators armed with machetes boarded the ship via starboard quarter from a small boat. They broke the padlock of the boiler entrance, entered the engine room and tied up three crew members. The perpetrators left the engine room at about 0210 hrs, with stolen engine spare parts and a crew’s mobile phone. The chief engineer subsequently called the bridge to inform master of the incident. The master raised the alarm but there was no further sighting of the perpetrators.

98. While anchored, the watchkeeper onboard the tanker spotted an unauthorised person attempting to board the ship. The alarm was raised, resulting in the unauthorised person aborting the attempt and moving away from the ship.

99. While anchored, four perpetrators boarded the ship from a fast boat, likely from the poop deck. The alarm and ship whistle were sounded, and all crew mustered. Two mooring ropes were stolen from the aft mooring station. The crew was not injured. The incident was reported to Kakinada Pilot Station via VHF. The ship master also shared the information with the agent, and both ship master and agent were advised to lodge a First Information Report (FIR) at Kakinada Marine Police Station. The incident is being investigated by Coastal Security Police / Marine Police Kakinada and Customs Kakinada, with inputs from Indian Coast Guard and Port Authority. Further, Kakinada Port Authority and ships in the area have been advised to enhance vigilance and adhere to the SOPs for security, especially during dark hours.

100. While anchored, one suspicious boat was observed roaming around near the ship’s forward and aft. The anti-piracy watch keeper during his round, sighted one person jumped into the water from the port side of the ship, and a boat was on standby with five perpetrators onboard. Three loose mooring ropes from the forecastle deck were found missing, and the crew was safe. The incident was reported to Kakinada Port Authority and the ship departed for Paradip Port on 26 Jan 24. Upon arrival at Paradip Port on 1 Feb 24, the ship was boarded by Indian Coast Guard for investigation. The ship was advised on the timely reporting of incident, and collection of evidence through CCTV and photographs. Further, Kakinada Port Authority and ships in area have also been advised to enhance vigilance and adhere to the SOPs for security, especially during dark hours. Investigation is in progress.

101. While anchored, an unknown number of perpetrators onboard a country boat propelled by engine approached the ship’s port bow. However, the country boat could not come alongside the ship; hence, the perpetrators were not able to board the ship. They eventually aborted their attempt and escaped. The ship master was advised to report incident immediately to BCG and port control.

102. While anchored, duty security patrol onboard the tanker noticed five perpetrators attempting to board the ship. The OOW was immediately notified and the alarm was raised, resulting in the perpetrators aborting and moving away. Nothing was stolen. The incident was reported to the port control and the pilot station.

103. While Sailing While underway, the crew saw five perpetrators armed with knives in the engine room. The master raised the alarm, mustered the crew and reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. A search onboard the ship was conducted and completed at 0430 hrs, with some engine spare parts found missing. All crew members were accounted for, and no injuries were reported. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information was shared with the Indonesian authority. The Singapore PCG conducted a search upon the ship's arrival at Singapore anchorage, and confirmed that no perpetrators were onboard.

104. While Sailing While underway, the crew saw six perpetrators armed with knives at the stern. The master raised the alarm, mustered the crew and reported the incident to Singapore VTIS. All crew members were accounted for, and no injuries were reported. Some engine spare parts were stolen. The master indicated that no further assistance was required, and continued its journey to Fang Cheng, China. Safety navigational broadcast was initiated. The RSN’s MSTF and Singapore PCG were notified of the incident. Information was shared with the Indonesian authority.

105. While anchored, three perpetrators armed with guns and knives boarded the general cargo ship. They took the duty engine crew as hostage and tied his hands. The perpetrators stole ship engine spare parts and escaped. The duty crew managed to alert the OOW who raised the alarm and the crew mustered. A search onboard the ship was carried out, with no perpetrators found onboard. The incident was reported to Port Facility Security Officer via the local agent.

106. While Sailing While underway, the master was alerted by the 3rd Engineer to five perpetrators armed with long knives in the engine room. The 3rd Engineer was tied up by the perpetrators but managed to alert the bridge about the incident. The master sounded the general alarm immediately, and the crew conducted a thorough search onboard the ship. However, the perpetrators had already escaped. Some generator spare parts were reported missing and the 3rd Engineer, who was punched on the forehead, suffered minor injury. The ship was underway to Singapore for bunkering, and the Singapore PCG conducted a search upon the ship’s arrival in Singapore.

107. While anchored, the OOW noticed a green light during anchor watch, and informed both forward & aft watchmen on deck during their deck round. The forward watchman proceeded from main deck to the forecastle on port side immediately. He reported that the light was not moving, and resumed his security round on forecastle to starboard side. About 10 min later, the forward watchman noticed a man onboard a skiff close to the anchor cable, and another man climbing up the anchor chain. The bridge was informed immediately via VHF and the forward watchman shouted at the men. The OOW raised the alarm and sounded the forward whistle. Realising the crew was alerted, the two men escaped immediately. The local Indonesian authority subsequently conducted an investigation.

